---
title: "My Trading Goals for 2025"
date: 2025-02-28 21:27:00 0100
categories: [Insights]
tags: [trading-habits, selfgrowth]  #TAG names should always be lowercase separated by comma
image: 
  path: /assets/img/2025/6/TG-Wide-1.png
  lqtip: 
---


I am a strong believer in positive thinking and continuous personal and professional improvement. Starting my [Trader Gu Toolbox](https://www.tradergu.com/posts/HelloToolbox/) was a step toward that journey, and I firmly believe in setting clear, measurable short- and long-term goals. While long-term goals help me visualize what kind of trader I want to be, it’s the short-term habits that drive me toward those goals.
Every day, I begin with a personal affirmation that reminds me of who I am and what I do. It literally takes 1 minute 😆.

When it comes to trading, my affirmation is:
> I am a consistently profitable Forex day trader and Equity Swing Trader.
{: .prompt-tip }

> I'm not here to be right. I'm here to be profitable.
{: .prompt-tip }


## 2025 Measurable Goals

__Mindset & Discipline__
- [ ]  Maintain a >75% yearly average for my daily affirmation (tracked with Habit Tracker).

__Trading & Strategy__  
- [ ] Follow through on my [25 Year Trading Experiment](https://www.tradergu.com/posts/25YearTradingExperiment/) with monthly investments on 22nd of each month.
- [ ] Limit Forex trades to max <2R risk per trade (avoid chasing the big wins!).
- [ ] Refine my equity risk strategy by developing a scalable model that adjusts to portfolio growth, transitioning from an invested capital approach to one based on current portfolio value.  

__Content & Community__
- [ ] Publish a minimum of 2 blog posts per month.
- [ ] Grow my x.com community to ~~100~~ 500 followers.


## Final Thoughts
These goals align with my long-term vision - building sustainable trading habits, refining my risk strategy, and growing a community of like-minded traders.

One thing you won’t see on this list? A financial goal. I believe that if I stay committed to my trading plan, follow my risk strategy, and continuously improve, the financial results will take care of themselves.

What about you? Have you set your trading goals for 2025? Share them in the comments - I’d love to hear what you're working towards! 

<script src="https://giscus.app/client.js"
        data-repo="tradergu/tradergu.github.io-comments"
        data-repo-id="R_kgDOOJkYuA"
        data-category="General"
        data-category-id="DIC_kwDOOJkYuM4CoG-6"
        data-mapping="pathname"
        data-strict="0"
        data-reactions-enabled="1"
        data-emit-metadata="0"
        data-input-position="top"
        data-theme="preferred_color_scheme"
        data-lang="en"
        crossorigin="anonymous"
        async>
</script>
